Dominic Cingoranelli, Retired CPA, CGMA
Emeritus Founder and Senior Consultant, Succession Institute, LLC
Dominic is Emeritus Founder, Senior Consultant and the former Execu‐
tive Vice‐President of Consulting Services for Succession Institute, LLC.
He has assisted professional firms in making the transition from “Eat
What You Kill” business models to a “One‐Firm” business model, as well
as providing general management consulting to the profession.
Dom has performed strategy consulting and planning, process im‐
provement studies, management consulting, training and develop‐
ment, team building, coaching and group process facilitation for a vari‐
ety of groups. His clients include professional firms, professional and
trade associations, project managers and executives on large, complex
projects for major manufacturers, midsize to very large businesses, and
other organizations dealing with change, performance and leadership
issues. His list of projects includes work for names like DaimlerChrysler,
Ford, GM, Siemens, CH2MHill, American Institute of CPAs, and numerous multi‐million‐dollar highway
construction projects and the contractors who build them.
Dominic is a Retired CPA and CGMA who earned his MBA with honors from Regis University. He co‐
authored with his partner, Bill Reeb, two books on Succession titled, Securing the Future: Building Your
Firm's Succession Plan and its companion field guide called, Securing the Future: Implementing Your
Firm's Succession Plan.
He and Bill Reeb also co‐authored the fourth edition of their consulting book called, Becoming A
Trusted Business Advisor: How to Add Value, Improve Client Loyalty, and Increase Profits, as well as
the AICPA PCPS Succession Resource Center in 2008. As well, he also has authored numerous articles
and CPE offerings on executive recruiting, performance management, leadership, planning and organ‐
izational culture.
When he is not assisting the Succession Institute on a project, you may find Dom spending his time in
retirement with his family, fly fishing, or volunteering at his church.

dom@successioninstitute.com
www.successioninstitute.com
512.338.1006, x104

